add persistent linking term (#228)
passkeydeveloper/passkeys.dev: content/en/docs/reference/terms/index.md

An app and/or service that is responsible for storing and managing passkeys. Many operating systems include a default passkey provider ([first-party](#first-party-passkey-provider)), and many also support [third-party](#third-party-passkey-provider) providers.

## Persistent Linking

The informal name for creating a relationship between a [Cross-Device Authentication authenticator](#cda-authenticator) (typically a phone or tablet) and [Cross-Device Authentication client](#cda-client) (typically a laptop or desktop), which enables future use without having to scan a QR code.

Both the client and authenticator must support the functionality.

Example with an Android phone linked to a Windows 11 device:

> ![Image captions](pkdd-terms-cda-pl-androidwin.png "Example of a persistently linked Android phone in Windows 11")

Reviewer: That alt text leaves a lot to be desired, how about something like this?

```suggestion
![Image captions](pkdd-terms-cda-pl-androidwin.png "A screenshot of the Windows Hello prompt asking the user to choose where to save their new passkey. The list of options includes an entry with a phone icon titled cappy-p7p as an example of a phone that has been persistently linked to the access device the user is current registering a new passkey from.")
```
